Adventure Island.gb	Adventure Island		"Adventure Island II" follows Master Higgins on his quest to rescue his kidnapped girlfriend from alien invaders.
Adventure Island II.gb	Adventure Island II: Aliens in Paradise		Jeannie Jungle has been captured by aliens! She's stranded somewhere on one of eight islands and you, as the somewhat heroic Master Higgins, must find her.
Adventures of Lolo.gb	Adventures Of Lolo		This is Gentryland area. It is an amusement park that is fun for everyone. Today Lolo and Lala, accompanied by their child Lulu, have come to Gentryland. But none of the attractions are working.
Alfred Chicken.gb	Alfred Chicken		Alfred the chicken must rescue his friends and his bird (pardon the pun) Floella from the Meka Chickens.
A-mazing Tater.gb	Amazing Tater		This puzzle-game is the successor to Kwirk. The player has to guide a small potato to the exit of each level, which is made difficult by a number of obstacles.
Atomic Punk.gb	Atomic Punk		Dynablaster lets you battle through classic Bomberman action in single-player or take on new twists in Game A, where you explore zones from a world map in any order.
Avenging Spirit.gb	Avenging Spirit		In Avenging Spirit the protagonist is a spirit out for revenge. He has been murdered by a group of gangsters and his girlfriend has taken hostage by them.
Balloon Kid.gb	Balloon Kid		Balloon Kid is a unique side-scrolling platform game. You control a little girl who's brother has floated away on a big bunch of balloons.
Bases Loaded.gb	Bases Loaded		The East and the West square off for nine innings of hard hitting baseball in Bases Loaded for the Nintendo Game Boy.
Batman - Animated Series.gb	Batman : The Animated Series		FROM TV SCREEN TO GAME BOY SCREEN COMES HEROIC CRIME FIGHTING ADVENTURE. Everyone's tuning in to Batman - The Animated Series.
Batman.gb	Batman : The Video Game		He's totally new. Totally tough. And he'll stop at nothing to make sure justice prevails!
Battle Arena Toshinden.gb	Battle Arena Toshinden		In Battle Arena Toshinden eight world renown weapon fighters have been invited to a mysterious tournament.
Battletoads.gb	Battletoads		The Dark Queen has attacked and kidnapped (toadnapped?) your best buddy. To make matters worse, she nabbed the best looking girl around! So, what will you do? Cry? Whimper? Hide? Call the Starcops?
Bionic Commando.gb	Bionic Commando		You play a soldier with a bionic arm that extends and contracts. Your arm allows you to grab on to fixed objects to swing around and climb up levels -- no jumping allowed!
Black Castle.gb	Black Castle		The times were dark and the kingdom was threatened by a black warlock. His evil magic brought disease and destruction to the land, but none of the king's knights found the courage to fight him.
Blades of Steel Hockey.gb	Blades of Steel		Based on the arcade game, Blades Of Steel is a hockey arcade action game (gameplay doesn't require the need to worry about statistics or provide the ability to customize teams.) Two players can play
Blaster Master Boy.gb	Blaster Master Boy		Radioactive energy is destroying every living thing on Earth. Only Jason can stop it. And this time, he can't use his super-equipped car. He's gotta do it alone.
Bomberman GB.gb	Bomberman GB		Bomberman is searching the depths of the earth in hopes of finding the Legendary Treasure.
Bonk's Adventure.gb	Bonk's Adventure		Bonk yourself out in this head-buttin', head-splittin' adventure. As Bonk the Caveman, use your head against Kongo Zilla, Tractorhead and the wackiest array of prehistoric foes ever seen.
Bonk's Revenge.gb	Bonk's Revenge		Bonk is back! Last year's video smash is bashing his way through a totally awesome new adventure! Help that radical cave dude save the Dinosaur Kingdom from the heinous King Drool III.
Boomer's Adventure.gb	Boomer's Adventure in ASMIK World		Boomer must traverse the 8-story Tower of Zoozoon to defeat the dark lord Zoozoon himself.
Bubble Ghost.gb	Bubble Ghost		Bubble Ghost needs to blow a bubble out of his creator's castle. Your task is to guide him so as to direct the bubble through the gaps in each room.
BurgerTime Deluxe.gb	BurgerTime Deluxe		BurgerTime Deluxe is a new version of the classic arcade game from 1982, developed for the casual market.
Buster Bros.gb	Buster Bros.		Pang is a platform game which consists of 50 levels in total. It can be played with one or two players on the same screen, and the other player can join anytime within the game.
Castlevania - Adventure.gb	Castlevania : The Adventure		A challenge you can't walk away from! After getting his wings clipped in Castlevania and Simon's Quest, the death defying Count has risen again.
Castlevania II - Revenge.gb	Castlevania II : Belmont's Revenge		The curse of the Belmont family has struck again in the second Castlevania adventure for the Game Boy. This game takes place 15 years after the first monochrome adventure.
Castlevania Legends.gb	Castlevania Legends		Take a journey to the very beginning, when Dracula first rose up to terrorize the good people of Transylvania.
Catrap.gb	Catrap		Banished to a mysterious underground labyrinth of complex mazes, two explorers are faced with one chance to reverse the curse: solve all 100 puzzles set out in mazes before them. But watch it!
Contra - The Alien Wars.gb	Contra : The Alien Wars		Welcome to 2636 the year the notorious Red Falcon gets even-with an unprecedented alien onslaught orchestrated to push the Contra forces to their ultimate reaches.
Dangan.gb	Dangan		For decades the Dangan Empire and the Houdan Confederation have been at war.
Dexterity.gb	Dexterity		Dexterity is a puzzle game with a 7x8 grid, each one filled with a tile or another item. The goal is to flip over all tiles within a time limit.
Darkwing Duck.gb	Disney's Darkwing Duck		Darkwing Duck is a 2D 3rd person platform game featuring this Disney super-hero, friend of Lauchpad McQuack (the Duck Tales character who worked as a pilot for Scrooge McDuck).
DuckTales.gb	Disney's DuckTales		While in the basement of Uncle Scrooge's mansion, Huey, Dewey and Louie discover an old piece of paper.
DuckTales 2.gb	Disney's DuckTales 2		While in the basement of Uncle Scrooge's mansion, Huey, Dewey and Louie discover an old piece of paper.
Donkey Kong.gb	Donkey Kong	starter	Donkey Kong's adventures continue with new tricks and traps for Mario! Donkey Kong returns to Game Boy! This famous ape has kidnapped Pauline and climbed to the top of a perilous skyscraper.
Donkey Kong Land.gb	Donkey Kong Land		In a modifiication of Donkey Kong Country, Donkey Kong teams up with his buddy Diddy for new adventures and gorilla antics.
Donkey Kong Land 2.gb	Donkey Kong Land 2		In Donkey Kong Land 2, Donkey Kong has been captured by the evil Kaptain K. Rool, leaving it up to Diddy and Dixie Kong to save the day in this side-scrolling adventure.
Donkey Kong Land III.gb	Donkey Kong Land III		DK and Diddy Kong have left in search of The Lost World after hearing of a contest to find it on the radio. This leaves Dixie stuck with minding her baby cousin Kiddy Kong.
Double Dragon.gb	Double Dragon		Set in a post-apocalyptic New York, Double Dragon is the story of Billy and Jimmy Lee, twin brothers trained in the fighting style of Sou-Setsu-Ken.
Double Dragon II.gb	Double Dragon II		The lovely Marian was rescued from the clutches of the Black Warriors gang by Billy & Jimmy Lee in the first Double Dragon game, but now the gang has killed her in retaliation of their early defeat.
Dr. Mario.gb	Dr. Mario	starter	In this Tetris-style game, you play as Dr. Mario, who must drop differently coloured pills onto viruses to remove them from the bottle.
Felix the Cat.gb	Felix the Cat		Felix The Cat is a platformer based on the famous cartoon character. The Professor has kidnapped Kitty, Felix girlfriend, trying to exchange her for Felix' magic bag.
Final Fantasy Adventure.gb	Final Fantasy Adventure		In the Empire of Glaive, a gladiator-slave is forced to fight evil monsters controlled by the Dark Lord.
Final Fantasy Legend II.gb	Final Fantasy Legend II		The second in the Final Fantasy Legend series increases the amount of detail over the original in gameplay and graphics. The major changes are in the character classes and party members.
Final Fantasy Legend III.gb	Final Fantasy Legend III		The final (no joke) Final Fantasy Legend title to grace the Game Boy, FFLIII tells the story of a great flood which destroys cities in the past, present and future.
Fix My Heart.gb	Fix My Heart		Fix My Heart is a precision platformer with minimalistic graphics and a strong emphasis on speedrunning. Run through a perilous cave as you try to fix your mechanical heart.
Fortified Zone.gb	Fortified Zone		A male and a female commando named Masato & Mizuki are sent to the jungle on a mission to destroy an enemy base and everyone in it.
GB Gallery - 5 Games in One.gb	Game Boy Gallery - 5 Games In One		This game contains five classic Game & Watch games: Ball, Vermin, Flagman, Manhole and Cement Factory.
Gargoyle's Quest.gb	Gargoyle's Quest		The friendly Ghoul Realm was invaded by aliens know as the Destroyers ages ago. The Destroyers almost captured the Ghoul Realm except a powerful fire came from the sky and destroyed them.
Gargoyle's Quest II.gb	Gargoyle's Quest II		The Ghoul realm is under attack by a mysterious force and aspiring warrior Firebrand sets out to save it.
Golf.gb	Golf		Golf features two challenging 18 hole courses where players are able to play a round of golf, and allows players to choose a club, adjust stance and control the swing.
Nemesis II.gb	Gradius : The Interstellar Assault		In the year 6664 Dr. Venom, the director of the Space Science Agency, was exiled to the planet Sard for his involvement in a failed rebellion and illegal scientific activities.
Great Greed.gb	Great Greed		As Great Greed begins, you are accidentally warped to another dimension by a wizard by the name of 'Microwave'?.
Harvest Moon GB.gb	Harvest Moon GB		Harvest Moon is a farming simulation where you must build and maintain a farm during the course of a year, while taking care of your budget and yourself.
Hyper Lode Runner.gb	Hyper Lode Runner		Hyper Lode Runner plays similar to Lode Runner. You must run around on brick platforms gathering all the gold, while avoiding enemies, known as Mad Monks, who follow your every move.
Jetpak DX.gb	Jetpak DX		Lost, stranded on a strange planet. Light years away from home. You scramble your way home, planet hopping.
Joe & Mac - Caveman Ninja.gb	Joe & Mac : Caveman Ninja		Play Joe and Mac as cavemen ninjas in a multi-level platform area where the player has to jump and club incoming enemies.
Kid Dracula.gb	Kid Dracula		Kid Dracula is a side-scroller and a parody of the Castlevania series. The difference is you play as a young vampire rather than a vampire killer.
Kid Icarus.gb	Kid Icarus : Of Myths and Monsters		An evil force is threatening to invade the Angel Land. Palutena, the ruler-goddess, sends a warrior named Pit on a quest to prepare for the upcoming attack.
Kirby's Block Ball.gb	Kirby's Block Ball	starter	Kirby takes on a new challenge, blockball.
Kirby's Dream Land.gb	Kirby's Dream Land		Dedede, King of Dream Land, is a penguin-like creature who is too gluttonous for his own good.
Kirby's Dream Land 2.gb	Kirby's Dream Land 2	starter	The lovable Kirby returns to the Game Boy! This time the bridges connecting the rainbow bridges have disappeared and King Dedede is to blame as always...or is he?
Kirby's Pinball Land.gb	Kirby's Pinball Land		Kirby's Pinball Land is a game of pinball based on the Kirby series of games, with Kirby as the ball.
Kung-Fu Master.gb	Kung-Fu Master		Loosely based on a movie, Kung-Fu Master is a side scrolling action game for one or two players, who alternate turns. Mr.
Kwirk.gb	Kwirk : He's A-maze-ing!		Kwirk is a puzzle-game, in which you have to help a tomato reach the exit of numerous levels. The path to the exit is blocked by boxes, holes and spinning doors.
Lock n' Chase.gb	Lock n' Chase		There's money to be had, and it's waiting to be nabbed. Be an ace in Lock'N Chase. This classic arcade game invites you to play as a thief who's trying to score big by collecting his weight in gold.
Looney Tunes.gb	Looney Tunes		This side-scrolling game allows the player to control different Looney Tunes characters and their different abilities to advance through the levels, seven in all.
Marble Madness.gb	Marble Madness		The idea of this arcade game is deceptively simple: Guide a marble down a path without hitting any obstacles or straying off the course.
Mario's Picross.gb	Mario's Picross		Nonograms are number puzzles where logic is used to find the solution. Clues are provided along the sides of the playfield grid, telling the player how many squares to fill in each row and column.
Maru's Mission.gb	Maru's Mission		One day while Maru and Cori are taking a walk in Central Park, a strange thing happens. Out of nowhere this weird looking guy shows up and waylays the unsuspecting couple.
Mega Man II.gb	Mega Man II		Dr. Wily has broken into the Chronos Institute and stolen a machine called Time Skimmer. According to Dr. Light's calculations, he has used the machine to travel roughly 37,426 years into the future.
Mega Man III.gb	Mega Man III		Mega Man 3 is a traditional side-scrolling platformer: you jump from brick to brick while avoiding pits and shooting robots.
Mega Man IV.gb	Mega Man IV		In the year 20XX... Dr. Wily has broken into the local Robot Museum and has stolen the bodies of his previously destroyed Robot Masters, and now has brought them back for revenge against Mega Man!
Mercenary Force.gb	Mercenary Force		Mercenary Force is an unconventional shoot'em up set in Japan's Edo period and inspired by Japanese history and mythology.
Metroid II.gb	Metroid II : Return of Samus		This is the sequel to the very popular Metroid for the NES. In Metroid 2, you control Samus Aran in her quest to rid the planet SR388 of the Metroid parasites.
Mole Mania.gb	Mole Mania		Muddy Mole's wife and seven kids have been kidnapped by the evil farmer, Jinbei! It's up to you to help Muddy solve the many puzzles of Jinbei Land.
Monster Max.gb	Monster Max		A powerful human called Krond conquers the Monster Planet, bans all music and declares himself king. Max, a monster rock musician decides to fight back.
Motocross Maniacs.gb	Motocross Maniacs		Motocross Maniacs is a side-scrolling racing game with extremely perilous courses. You maneuver your rider through many jumps, loops, and mud hazards to achieve a record time.
Mr. Do!.gb	Mr. Do!		You control Mr. Do has he tries to harvest all of the cherries on the screen. However, there are numerous bad guys out to get him! Mr.
Ms. Pac-Man.gb	Ms. Pac-Man		In 1981, a sequel to Pac-Man was introduced in the form of his girlfriend, Ms. Pac-Man.
Mystical Ninja.gb	Mystical Ninja Starring Goemon		Oh no! The evil Skull King and his army of evil pirates are plotting to take over Ancient Japan! Only Goemon, Ebisumaru, Sasuke and Yae stand in their way.
Nail'n Scale.gb	Nail 'N Scale		Nail'N Scale is a mixture of Jump'n Run and puzzle game. The player character can jump and throw nails at his enemies.
NBA Jam - TE.gb	NBA Jam Tournament Edition		NBA JAM Tournament Edition brings you more senses-shattering slam dunking excitement than ever!
Nemesis.gb	Nemesis		Nemesis is the first entry in the long-running Gradius series on the Game Boy. Its side-scrolling shoot'em up gameplay follows the series template closely.
Ninja Taro.gb	Ninja Taro		High Adventure in the Far East! It's the era of feudal war in Japan. One Shogun struggles to unite the provinces, but he needs help.
Nintendo World Cup.gb	Nintendo World Cup		Soccer game that takes up to 4 players with the adapter and allows you to choose between many different ground surfaces, such as ice, grass and stone, which add to the replayability.
Operation C.gb	Operation C		Operation C is a Game Boy sequel to the popular NES titles Contra and Super C and is, essentially, a side-scrolling shooter.
Parodius.gb	Parodius		This is mostly the parody of Gradius (Nemesis on some systems), with some flavor from other shoot-em-ups, like Twinbee. The series is available on numerous platforms.
Pokemon - Yellow Version.gb	Pokemon - Yellow Version	starter	In Pokemon Yellow, you've finally received your Pokemon trainer's licence, and the journey to become the world's greatest Pokemon trainer begins!
Pokemon - Blue Version.gb	Pokemon Blue Version		After venturing alone into tall grass, a voice warns the player to stop, which is revealed to be Professor Oak, a famous Pokemon researcher.
Pokemon - Red Version.gb	Pokemon Red Version		You begin your journey in Pallet Town as a young boy.
Pop'n TwinBee.gb	Pop'n Twinbee		Another top-down shooter in the Twinbee "cute'em up" franchise.
Prince of Persia.gb	Prince of Persia		While the Sultan of Persia is fighting a war in a foreign country, his Grand Vizier Jaffar orchestrates a coup d'etat. His way to the throne lies through the Sultan's lovely daughter.
R-Type.gb	R-Type		R-Type is a side scrolling shoot 'em up best known for its extremely tough and strategic gameplay. You control the R-9 spaceship as it launches a last-ditch effort to repel the evil Bydo empire.
R-Type II.gb	R-Type II		The second R-Type brings more of the same shoot-em up action. Gameplay is identical to the previous R-Type, except you now have two new weapons.
Ring Rage.gb	Ring Rage		Ring Rage is a standard wrestling game, just without the glitz and glamour of licensed games. There are six wrestlers total, but only five are playable: 1. Gunboat Rody, a former Navy sailor 2.
Rolan's Curse.gb	Rolan's Curse		Once the people of Rolan was terrorized by the evil ruler King Barius before he was imprisoned in a castle deep within the forest.
Rolan's Curse II.gb	Rolan's Curse 2		King Barius is back for revenge! From the flaming depths of evil, he returns, bringing forth legions of monsters more vicious than anything the world has ever known!
Snow Bros. Jr..gb	Snow Bros.		The gameplay of Snow Bros. is similar to Bubble Bobble, released in 1986. The game supports up to two players, with each player taking the part of one of two snowmen Nick and Tom.
SolarStriker.gb	SolarStriker		You are in control of the ultra high-performance fighter ship, the SolarStriker. It is your mission to attack and destroy the main Reticulon base.
Solomon's Club.gb	Solomon's Club		Solomon's Club is a sequel to Solomon's Key, which has similar gameplay combining platform gaming with puzzle elements. There are five levels, each with ten rooms.
Spanky's Quest.gb	Spanky's Quest		Spanky's Quest is a game about a monkey who decides to go on a picnic.
Spud's Adventure.gb	Spud's Adventure		In Spud's Adventure the player takes the role of a potato who is tasked with rescuing the king's kidnapped daughter. To do so, he has to climb a tower consisting of many floors.
Super Mario Land.gb	Super Mario Land		Once upon a time, there was a peaceful world called Sarasaland. In this world there were 4 kingdoms named Birabuto, Muda, Easton and Chai.
Super Mario Land 2.gb	Super Mario Land 2 : 6 Golden Coins	starter	Second in the Game Boy's line of Mario games, this one takes the evolutionary steps that Super Mario 3 for the NES took with it's predecessors.
Super R.C. Pro-Am.gb	Super R.C. Pro-Am		Super R.C. Pro-Am is the Game Boy update to Rare's classic radio controlled car game.
Swordbird Song.gb	Swordbird Song		Follow the Bird Hero as they enter the lair of the Iron Owls in this Action RPG game for the Gameboy.
Tecmo Bowl.gb	Tecmo Bowl		The most popular American football game to hit the NES console, Tecmo Bowl pits the player vs.
Tennis.gb	Tennis		Tennis is, as the name implies, Nintendo's version of the sport. One player vs computer or two players will compete in tennis in a more or less standard suite of rules (scoring, sets etc.).
Tetris.gb	Tetris	starter	This version of Tetris is one of many conversions of the famous block-stacking game, and was included with the Game Boy upon its release in several territories.
Tetris 2.gb	Tetris 2		Unlike the original Tetris, Tetris 2 has you clearing the field of blocks in a different way.
Tetris Attack.gb	Tetris Attack		All is not well on Yoshi's Island! The devious king Bowser has cast a spell on the island's inhabitants, turning them into his mindless slaves.
Tetris Blast.gb	Tetris Blast		In this version of Tetris, the basic 'clear the line of puzzle blocks' element is still here, but with an added twist: inside the many block shapes are bombs.
Tetris Plus.gb	Tetris Plus		This is yet another updated version of Tetris which was released for PlayStation, Saturn, and Game Boy. This version features Classic mode, Puzzle mode, Versus mode, and Edit mode.
Amazing Spider-Man.gb	The Amazing Spider-Man		Mary Jane has been kidnapped! One of Spider-Man's enemies has discovered his true identity, Peter Parker. Unfortunately for Spidey, exactly who has kidnapped Mary Jane is a mystery.
Final Fantasy Legend.gb	The Final Fantasy Legend		The first 'Final Fantasy' title on the Game Boy, Legend allows you to choose from 8 different characters, from the usual human male or female to zombie, wererat, redbull (not the drink), clipper or
King of Fighters '95.gb	The King of Fighters '95		The first sequel in the King of Fighters series picks up a year after the end of the first tournament.
Zelda - Link's Awakening.gb	The Legend of Zelda : Link's Awakening	starter	After being attacked at sea, Link's ship sinks, and he finds himself stranded on Koholint Island. He awakens to see a beautiful woman looking down at him.
Lion King.gb	The Lion King		Young Simba just can't wait to be king.
New Chessmaster.gb	The New Chessmaster		Say goodbye to lost pieces and slow opponents. THE NEW CHESSMASTER lets you play in one of 16 different skill levels from Newcomer to Grandmaster.
Sword of Hope.gb	The Sword of Hope		A dragon has gained control over the king of Riccar, manipulating him into removing the Sword of Hope from a painting, releasing its curse.
Sword of Hope II.gb	The Sword of Hope II		The Sword of Hope II follows the story of Prince Theo, who, together with the young survivor Mute and other allies, sets out to confront evil.
TMNT - Fall Of Foot Clan.gb	TMNT - Fall Of Foot Clan		The Turtles' first Game Boy game is a fairly simple platforming-style game, where Leonardo, Michaelangelo, Raphael, and Donatello must battle against Krang and Shredder and save their friend April
TMNT II - Back from Sewers.gb	TMNT II - Back from Sewers		Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles II: Back from the Sewers is the second Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles for the Game Boy. It is a sequel to Fall of the Foot Clan. This time, Splinter was captured by Krang.
TMNT III - Radical Rescue.gb	TMNT III - Radical Rescue		The player begins the game by taking control of Michaelangelo, who must rescue the other turtles, along with Splinter and April O'Neil, who have been kidnapped by Shredder.[2] Unlike other games
Tobu Tobu Girl.gb	Tobu Tobu Girl		Your cat is floating into the atmosphere and you are the only one who can save it.
Trax.gb	Trax		Trax is a side scrolling shoot'em up game that put you in command of a tiny tank in some classic action levels.
Trip World.gb	Trip World		Thanks to the Maita Flower, Trip World is at peace. It is being protected by an old Shabubu, a member of a race of bunny-like beings. The flower grows on the holy mountain known as Mount Dubious.
Wario Blast.gb	Wario Blast : Featuring Bomberman!		OH, NO! Wario has stumbled upon the secret gateway into Bomberland! Now the greedy warmonger wants to claim the land, its inhabitants, and treasures as his own.
Wario Land.gb	Wario Land : Super Mario Land 3		Wario, Mario's greedy rival from Super Mario Land 2: 6 Golden Coins, is more determined than ever to get a castle after being booted out of Mario's.
Wario Land II.gb	Wario Land II		Seeking revenge on Wario after he stole their treasure in Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3, special agents from the Black Sugar Gang of Kitchen Island sneak into Wario's newly built castle, steal back
Zen - Intergalactic Ninja.gb	Zen : Intergalactic Ninja		LORD CONTAMINOUS MUST BE STOPPED BEFORE EARTH IS TRASHED! Zen's the name. Intergalactic-for-hire, fulfilling his destiny by taking on the toughest environmental problems in the cosmos.
